Following is a pastiche done after Ken Kessey's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.

Setting: Dream World v 1.2  [another dream]
Time: After Bromden escapes

  The floor starts shifting again. With a jolt that could only be made by machinery starting,
the grass under me begins to slide into the ground. A humm shortly comes along, getting stronger 
with each meter traveled underground. And with each increase in the humm, the air gets denser and 
colder.
  My eyes are closed. I am afraid to open them, fearing what I might see. And most of all,
what I might not see anymore. Moments pass, days, minutes who knows. The vibrations of all the 
gears turning, is making me dizzy, and I begin to wonder if it is ever going to stop. If this 
will go on until eternity, I would better open my eyes. But I am afraid. I am afraid my eyes will 
meet the whiteness of the Combine walls. The walls which kept me locked so long into my own fear. 
Have they finally found me? And then what if I will not see anything at all? Madness will sink 
into me, knowing everywhere I turn, darkness will be my only companion.
  The floor is still vibrating, and with the vibration, the humm is buzzing in my ears.
  Make it stop.
  But how can I make it stop if I do not know what is going on around me?
  Now that I try opening my eyes, I notice I can't. Two massive weights are resting on them, and 
I can't pry them loose. It is better this way. The humm of the machinery is still there. There is 
no source, and the sound is uniform. Coming from all around the room, echoing inside my head. One 
other sound succeeds over the machinery. It is ragged, as of someone scraping a metal bar over a 
rough carpet. But there are two parts for it. The intensity of it is first soft, then the 
pressure is more between the carpet and the bar, making the sound louder. A short break. Then the 
machinery starts up again, this time in reverse, until the sound grows dim, disappears. A short 
break. The procedure is repeated once more, and again.
  An interesting symphony, and as time passes, I want to know what is going on. I squint my 
closed eyes, and open the two little slits, all my face muscles aching. Light flows into my head. 
Yellow, white light, blinding me like those damned flash grenades. I cannot see anything besides 
the blinding radiance, and against my will, I leave my eyes open. Moments pass. The humm has 
stopped, and the light shined away, revealing two parallel neons lined up with the rest of my 
body, shining only on me.
  The walls are white.
  A gray ceiling hovers behind the neons, and I cannot turn my head. My muscles ache from all the 
strain pulsating from the light flooding my eyes. I try again, then lift myself upwards, so I can 
see the horror. The same place. They're all around me... machines, bodies, wires, tubes, wheels, 
cogs, buttons. Ovens. The same room, the factory of the Combine of which I always dream about is 
here - only this time, it is no dream. The pain in my muscles is too great. This is no dream.
  Looking down from all the tubes and wires, I see it again. Another furnace. The room is long, 
and the walls disappear in darkness far away, but nothing can reach the other side. The floor 
with its minions stops at the furnace. It is as wide as the room, and just stands there, 
breathing yellow light and flaming red.
  A body jumps in, and now I see them. Lined up against the wall. There must be about 20 people. 
Their color differs from one another. Some are white, some black and in between. The faces are 
familiar. There's Papa up in second, McMurphy (they must have made another copy), then Cheswick. 
I'm second last in the line-up, before Billy. Others I do not care about.
  The furnace eats up another one.
  Papa is up next, preparing for the jump. Almost collapsing from the pain, I run to him. I 
wonder what is going on, and urge him not to jump, and I am unnoticed. His eyes stare dead, in 
front of him, never moving. His face is different than what I knew of him. The eye sockets are 
all puffed up. Small parts of his cheeks have bumps in them. And his chin has a huge dent in it. 
A copy. Small imperfections are made every time something is copied, and now they are easy to 
spot. How many copies have been made? No answer. The flames envelop him.
  The bodies shuffled forward together, a new man taking his place before the oven. Looking down 
the line, I noticed a door behind the last man. Now that I stare at him, I see the man before 
Papa has returned. He has no burn marks, no burnt hair even. The dents in his temples are way 
bigger than before. Yes I remember Pete now. But this isn't him. This is another lifeless copy. 
He shuffles his feet forward without a sound, and then waits patiently in line.
  A door opens, and Papa comes out, the gears implanted in his feet move him to the end of the 
line. The motor stops, leaving the corpse waiting in line.
  A button is pushed, and another body jumps in the furnace. Two more until McMurphy. I stare at 
him. The tattoo on the back of his palm is still there, unchanged. As I remember it, even the 
same tint of black. His scars are still there. On the face, and knuckles. Dreadfully, I admit it. 
This is McMurphy! I yell into his ear, trying to get his attention, and the eyes still face 
forward. His limp hand is too cold and hard, and there is no use in lifting it. He is gone. The 
flames eat him up. Of course the bodies in front did not even go. The clock was turned too fast, 
skipping a minute or two, just so that McMurphy wouldn't hear me.
  I wait a few more moments, my legs aching from the weights trying to pull me down.
  The Door opens, and another Murphy steps out. This time, they could not copy him. The hands 
have been replaced. No more tattoos envelop his hands, and the scars are gone. His hands are 
white, created from soap. The face is different too. The scar on his nose is almost completely 
gone. No of course they could not copy him. They got rid of him, but his scarred hands are stuck 
somewhere within their machinery. Eventually, the gears will get stuck. Their machinery will 
break down, but slowly. Unless something else gets stuck in there.
  The Combine will destroy itself, from the inside.
  That is why I am next. They know I know this. They hope their tools will burn it out of me.
  I stare at myself, and then jump into the fire.

  Light flares all around - White, Yellow, Gray, Black. The sound of birds chirping startles me, 
staring into the darkness. Way up above, there is a lone duck, gliding through the cold night 
sky. All alone, and yet with nothing stopping it. Not anymore.




































