Broken, Disturbed.. Thunder rings between her ears... one to the left one right.
In her bed she sits, she Shivers out of cold.
The voices say she must, THE VOICES SAY THAT SHE MUST WAKE UP...
She shivers in her bed...
Between the sheets... the harsh breathing of her own body makes her scared of...
She walks
The body wakes, rustling between dead tissues of the skin and darkness envelops 
the bedsheets....
Darkness beneath her, behind her on the bed.... She stares above at the other living broken dying bleeding soul, 
dreaming in the nostalgia of Death inside her...
She does not know what she awaits...
The voices speak..
Soft softlin very soft, she can hear the voice of her own madness.
A shriek beneath the darkness, silenced quickly by her tears...
She snaps her head towards the window.
Nothing there.
The eyes are staring deep deep inside her sou but she does not care.... She nods her head
The window closes.
Darkness and crisp air touch her veins.
Her head snaps back, her arms flap forwards, fall upon her sister the deceased body
of the rotting destiny.
She is still breathing !!! HOW CAN THIS BE ?! 
HOW CAN IT BE ?! 
NO NO NO
NO
NONO NONON O OOSTOP IT STOP STOP why are you not sleeping yet...
The sister continues her journey deep inside the soft soft white folds of sleep... unaware of the eyes..
Her lips depart.
The demon deep inside the other's head turns back, shaps her hands once again, she falls to the floor broken.
Beneath her bed, the eyes watch.
The doll is there...
The voices scream this time, urging begging, take it take the take it take the doll.
She takes it...
an A inscribed, etched in blood upon the rag.
A knife !! YES YES YESsss.... hissing deep inside her ears.....
She opens the door.
Darkness all around her... the blue light off the sky reflects into her holes.. she does not
have eyes. Holes only. 
And once you see those holes, your body whole as one will tremble, death pain fear terror
even will break inside your chest.. madness, insomnia and dementia, the sisters of the night
will scream upon your soul.
But you are not here....
She has the knife... the putrid etched blade smiles lightly in the moonlight...
Grins at her. good goooddd
She started walking... her sister heard her... she knows what's waiting once again
The reinactment of the third night beneath her bed... the sister weeps... a cry wails
deep deep inside the bowels of the house, the sister is crying... running terrified between
her bedsheets... knowing that demons once again fall from the sky into the house.
She starts to walk, ponder, run around the house in madness, scream echo through her head..
She walks she runs... She walks.. her body is in spasms she cannot take it anymore
It is so late at night she needs the sleep the darknes the blood to fall upon her head
She stabs once...
She grins, her eyes glitter once with their holes into the street light...
Her head jerks back, her throat is bleeding upon the doll.
Yes yes happy happy happy LA LA LALA  happiness sings melancholy into her head.. the pain is
no more a feeling but a letter...
She walks around the house in her madness, screaming weeping and roaring like the beast
trapped deep inside of her...
She changes direction. she is unknown, what might she ever do to herself if her parents
find out about all this ? what WHA T:ALKSJFD :WHA T !?
She stabs once more, the doll is getting broken... the ashes fall from deep inside the voodoo..
Noone will ever know.
The sister is screaming crying weeping for her terror... But she does not care.
All is quiet, all is dark.
Only footsteps on my soil.
Welcome to the world... Welcome to the hell, the voices scream.
Hell rages.
The voices turn the head, the eyes dart back, forth !? WHO COULD IT BE THERE ?!
The knife drops on the cold floor with a tingle of a thousand bells, echoes and dies.
The doll is broken, the dementia is running around the house in madness in pain her feet
hurt, and she does not want to live anymore.
A doll is thrown away onto the street. The window is closed, then broken and the doll flies off
into the nothingness of sky.
Her hair is in her eyes... Her eyes, what eyes ? she does not have any.
The illusion is too much...
The darkness all over once again, she does not break herself.
She should.
