Chapter I
 The Raven

  The raven flapped its wings desperately, as if followed by an unseen foe. There was no reason for this action though, it 
just enjoyed the wind against its bare wings. The pure crisp night air felt good, the feathers on its black wings flapped 
wildly, creating a unique sensation. It could feel the wind rushing against its head and chest, and the raven cast a wild 
shriek, to emphasize this new feeling of immortality. Down below, running through the fields of wavy high grass, ran its 
prey... The raven could feel the terror of the little critter that was only a black speck on the gray crops. Its crimson red 
eyes constantly watched it as the rodent scrambled desperately to avoid rocks and branches.
  The small rat ran with all its power away from the bird it could hear overhead. The hard leaves of the plants growing in 
the corn field were slicing his skin, but there was nothing it could do but run. Its hind legs hurt and the skin beneath its 
fur was bleeding. Suddenly, the ominous sound of the raven's wings beat faster, and with each second, it was getting louder 
and louder behind the rustling of the field and the frantic beating of the rat's legs.
  Its beak pointed downward toward the general direction of the rat, and with this move the wings started beating in a fast, 
constant motion. The rushing of wind against the raven was also increased, and the winged creature savored the feeling by 
another shriek. It was getting closer and closer to the rat, and the creature in the field knew it. The raven with its 
accurate scout vision watched the mouse squirm faster and faster. The ground creature knew it had no hope of running away, 
and its terror increased with each flapping of the raven's wings. The bird knew this too, and it didn't increase its speed, 
but it continued to get closer and closer to the rat. It was now in the field, it too feeling the annoyance of corn leaves. 
The plants were slapping against the raven's body, slicing whenever the leaves were hit on the sides. With the mouse still 
in its view, the raven beat faster and faster upon the air, until it was almost on top of the rat, the corn field still 
slapping it with its fierce knives. Sharp talons lowered to touch the mouse on its back, sending shivers throughout the 
small body of the critter.
  Suddenly the raven disappeared, pulling upwards, toward the dark-blue night sky, the air stopping the raven's speed, by 
pounding on its chest and wings. Staring down at the rat which was still running frantically on the field, the raven gave 
another shriek, and turned away letting itself be carried with the wind.
  Long moments passed, as the raven enjoyed its flight through the cold night. Now at a higher altitude, it could see the 
valley in which the field was located, the valley of Sty. Once a great river flowed through it, giving life to the kingdom 
of Yzvor, but now the river was all gone. The valley is still visited by the melted ice in the spring, comeing from the base 
of the Loberan Mountains. Following the valley, down the course of the river, the terrain becomes less mountainous, and 
there, the city of Zerhab is located. When the city was founded, it was on the sides of the great Sty. The river gave it 
life, helped it grow, but now, as the river flows no more, the city has died. Crops do not bring great wealth to the 
citizens of Zerhab (those that still remain), and so the city prospers no more. 
  The raven could see no lights in the city on the landscape. None were needed. The city's inhabitants were all dead. Those 
remaining were just walking carcasses, lost souls trapped inside their shells for eternity. No one knew how the dead 
inhabited their city, because in the final days of Sty, the city was encrusted in a great stone dome. Those that did not 
leave the city before the Stoning, as the event was called, all died. Either by famine, or suicide. But none were really 
dead. Their lost souls did not want to leave the world in such a place, so they remained trapped between reality and death, 
side by side with their bodies.
  The dead are known to wander off, away from the city, using the underground catacombs of Zerhab, stepping out in the world 
through unknown exits of the catacombs. People see them wandering city streets at night, and it is believed that the 
Necromancers of Xethr, which have one of their guild right near the city of Zerhab, have talked to the walking dead. Because 
the Necromancers are rarely summoned, and people do not talk to them often because of their dark arts, Zerhab has become a 
mystery to many afraid.
  Thunder echoed in the cold night. The raven could see the Tower of Julianos rising on the horizon, just to the right of 
Zerhab, and it glided towards it. The raven was tired and cold, and it needed rest. As the crimson marble tower was 
approaching, the raven slowed down, the cold air rushing against its dark feathers once more. A drop of rain fell upon the 
raven's feathered head, and slid off just as fast. One last flap of the wings sent the raven inside the dark tower through 
an open window, which created a strange feeling of rushing air, both cold and warm, as the raven fled past it. It was warm 
inside, despite the open window to the cold outside air. The raven was in a dark, round room, lit only by 3 torches on the 
wall. As the bird flapped down in the center of the room, the window creaked and closed. The current of cold air flowing 
through the room was severed, and gone with the closing of the window.
  Quietly, the raven waited in the middle of the circular chamber. The room was made of old granite, the craftsmanship being 
hundreds of years old. No cracks could be seen on the polished crimson walls, and besides the glowing torches, nothing else 
occupied the walls. Two doors were covered in the light of the torches. One was a plain, wooden door. The other had a 
strange feeling about it. The wood was carved on the sides, as if forming a frame. The carvings were of two staves, both 
holding round spheres at their ends. A pulsating dark-blue light emanated from under the door.
  A tingling sensation flowed through the raven's clawed feet. As it stared down at the floor, a glowing red rune was 
starting to appear, and encircled around it, were many smaller runes. Staring down at the rune it was standing on, the raven 
traced another rune in the air with its beak. After the rune was drawn, the raven spoke its name, and the floating rune 
flared to life, with a pulsating blue glow. Another word sent the blue symbol to the floor, where it shattered into a liquid 
substance. The glowing blue drops on the floor seeped into the smaller runes around the main symbol, then disappeared, as if 
swallowed by the floor. The rune under the raven turned from a faint red, to a pulsating red glow. The brightness now hurt 
the raven's eyes, and it turned its head away. The tingling sensation increased and expanded through the raven's body, along 
with the glow of the red rune. The cracks of the raven's bones could not be heard by their owner, because the small bird was 
engulfed in the terrible tingling sensation, and the loud pounding of its heart. A green smoke emanated from the rune on the 
floor, and engulfed the raven. Its vision was blurred, and the raven was about to faint, but then the mist was gone, along 
with the rune on the floor.
  Glowing, golden eyes opened beneath the darkness of the hood. As he stared around the room, the mage raised its hand from 
the soft folds of the red robe. With a word of magic, a staff appeared floating in the air, and it levitated into the mage's 
hand. Clasping it, the mage pulled it at his side. The radiant eyes turned from the staff to one of the torches on the wall, 
and spoke one word of the same cryptic language, Magic.
  The torch at which the eyes were aimed, dimmed its glow. When it spoke, the fire seemed to mock the words, for it 
fluttered at each raising and lowering in sound.
  "Welcome home, Master..."
 Satisfied, the wizard headed towards the plain, wooden door. The rustling of the robes echoed through the empty chamber, 
and the mage felt good being back into his robe. Once out the door, the mage closed it with a creak.
  The lone torches fluttered and died once the mage was out the door. Silence and darkness filled the empty room.










(c) 1998, Iulian Radu









