MY BROKEN FRIEND

Never, until this day
Have I seen such terror...
The suffering and horror I have faced do not compare to these
Witnessed today.
And what the fuck is it all for ?
This is not fair. I speak from my point of view, and it doesn't seem fair at all.
I mean the pain he has to endure, and live with...
LIVE WITH
Why the fuck did it have to happen ??
What has he ever done to deserve such suffering ?
WHAT??
The pain I have endured cannot even be compared to this he suffers.
It seems so pointless....
In one INSTANT his whole life is fucked up !!
One second...
I never knew the pain was going to be so great...
I would have never expected this.
I do not know...
I am probably not the one who should be writing this.
I do not deserve to..... Because my thoughts are all messed up.
I cannot describe the feelings inside me...
I do not even know what the fuck happened out there.
My brain cannot concentrate on these thoughts, and events...
I CANNOT figure out what happened. Because it all went so fast.
From a small thing... From a normal day...
To such a horrible thing... To a living nightmare...
I am so sorry man. I wish I could do something to make the pain go away.
If it would have never happened...
I wish your pain to stop.
And I don't think I can do it... for you.
Shit, this fucks

I dunno.......
One cannot change the past...
And wishing about something does not change it.
These words are nothing probably.
No meaning, and I am sorry, for I wish there would be something...
Anything, that I could do. To make you feel better.
Please

[ANOTHER]

Yeah...
It was all for nothing, of course
FUCK YOU TOO
Fuck this shit, fucking human nature...
Why are we all so fuckin retarted ?
I now see him too deep into the evil, sinking in the dark sea...
Because he wants to.
Him too has taken advantage of his own pain, of the people around him.
Trying to help him.
And I wonder...
What the fuck was it ?
Why the fuck is he doing this shit ?
Why do we all..
It's in ourselves. Deep within, the strategy rots into our brains.
The only thing we know is how to use others.
Pride.
Selfish pride, even though others are trying to help you.
You take control (or so the illusions tell you).
Scrapings in your head ?
It stings, you know it, it hurts you too. And yet you really want it to go on
Well then, you too will lose your friends.
Your life is now lost.
If you continue in this way.
It's your choice, and I will not stop you. I will just watch, but I won't
feed it either.
And others will see you too.
You are Lost. Maybe not now, maybe eternally.
