WORTHLESS GOODNESS

Difficult things have always been priced and favoured over others.
Ex: records are broken by people.
Difficult means hard to do. Things that are not in our nature [in our
normal way of life], are hard to do. Things that we are not supposed
to do are difficult.
Being good is seen in books,media, "life", as being IDEAL. People are
not good [children break things, they do not GO OUT OF THEIR WAY to be
good]. Being good is difficult. And that is why it is seen as an ideal.
That is why it is not in our nature to be good. That is why we must NOT
BE GOOD. 
Being good hurts - everybody [and I do mean everyone] will take advantage
of you. And you cannot help it because that would be BAD - to stop being good.

There are no bonuses or perks or merits to being good. And we are not
meant to go out of our way to do things without a good reason. Morals
are not a good reason. And self-esteem should not come into this discussion,
because we have noticed that being good, because it attracts so much evil
[evil hates good. that is why you are in so much pain.. oh yeah well fuck you!]
and this does not strengthen your self-esteem.
We are not meant to be good. We are meant to live our own lives, not the
lives that people shape because they take advantage of our goodness. 

As I have said, I must live.
Guess what happens now ? You must die.
And WHO will protect you because you were good in your life ? NOBODY.
And WHO has protected you against the pain that you have suffered in your
life ? NOBODY. Oh you mean somebody ? the same person that LET THE PAIN BE CAUSED? 
YEP that person. Nobody.
And WHY have you not realized this before ? we are all gullible and brainwashed.
Who will be there after you die ? Darkness. Because you will feel nothing.
You will be dead. There will be nothing. I swear to God.

And why do I not pay for these insults that I make right here ? Why do I not
pay for my unfaithfullness [because that's what this is] ? 
Guess what? Because there is NOBODY.

And those listening are either observing and playing with us. Or they can't
do anything. Or like Yours... they don't give a shit.
[Let us die. 2000 years, was it? whatever... it doesn't matter.
and I will contribute to the faith of humanity, or what ? In another fuckin 200
generations You will come [as they asy] and punish me ? which I've died
a long time ago?
Is that it ?
I wanna talk to you. NOW !] Why don't you answer ? You give me no signs.
Guess what ? 
I say this again. THERE IS NOBODY. or maybe you too need help. see if
I care....
...

Hmm... maybe I take it back. Most of it not all. You still haven't done
anything that I could have seen. But thank u for whatever. I don't know 
what to believe anymore.

There is another plane. Maybe more. Telpathy is there. There's something
inside all of us. You know it, I know it. They can hear each other. If
you pay attention. No money is needed. Although only fools see.