SEE THEM

Trust your instincts.
Once you see your friends doing stuff you do not agree with, take note of it.
If it is something important, such as lying, stealing, corrupting, whatever... never forgive
them, unless you see them change.
If you see them do something regularly, even though they might not do it to you, trust me
one day they might do it to you... And when that day happens, you will see how foolish
the human mind is.

Never try to shift your beliefs for other's sake. Take time and explore your possibilities,
see their ways, do not take things for granted.

Do not get involved with corrupt individuals. Even though they might seem or even be your
friends, they might betray you. Observe them, try not to get close to them, because when
they hurt you, it will be Hell.
The people that you see are pure... the ones that try to help and never hurt, they are the
ones to trust. Always, forever they will be your friends. Try to be like them. But when the
others come, take note of them and do not let yourself be swept away by their friendly manners.
When you see they are corrupt, do not say to yourself "Don't worry, it's just a little thing..
They won't do that to me...". 
Never underestimate anyone. Observe them, if they do not change, they do not deserve to be
your friends. They do not deserve to be your friends. 
When they cause something and you feel bad, thinking that you must have said something wrong,
thinking that you are not a good and loyal friend, that is when you must think of that.
It is not you who are a bad friend, it is them who do not deserve to be your friends.

When you have reached that point, when you see them for what they are, save yourself. Save
the others that he/she is able to corrupt, as soon as you can. Before more join them, because
believe me, they will impose their ideas upon others. Having established that your friend is 
malicious, blind others that come in contact with him/her are potential victims, and they too
will be corrupted in time. I have seen this and I am sorry...

The only person that I thought pure, the one full of goodness, the one I came to admire
so greatly, has been broken, corrupted, putrid evil starts to form because of him.. She remains
uncaring. And today, I too have been misleaded. I have trusted him, I have seen him for what
he is since long ago, however of course as usual, until the deed happens to me, I never learn...

Another lesson.