DEPENDANCY [02.01.02 3a]

1.
  In the conventional way, if you have 3 basic variables, you can order them around in 
a certain order:
     c<b<a. Since c<b and b<a, then c<a.
  C is the least of all, and sometimes gets omitted.

  With people, it's different. Ordering can occur, but we are complex. Each is a node 
with arrows in different directions and with different sizes. Following a set 
direction, these nodes are possible for linkup by size. [Ex: 
Andrew<Tina<Jackie. In dependency, each is weaker and dependent on the next]

  However, people should not be judged by only 1 trait. Remember, we are complex; 
each has his/her strong sides and weak sides, but the arrows point in different 
directions. You cannot judge a person overall just by comparing one thing; be 
thorough.

  Nevertheless, the strength of the different arrows differs, and the overall 
arrow strength in required "directions" may be fairly weak. Only then are you 
allowed to label someone as weak. (Only in a certain field).

2.
  An interesting pain and torture is created by the LACK of something.

  It seems within human nature that when you are allowed to experience something 
beyond your level of "regular" happiness, and when that something is taken away 
abruptly, you will enter a stage of pain.
  This pain is caused by either: regret, fear, paranoia, etc. It seems to be normal.
  Even now, at friendship, paranoia leaks in after her messaages stop... have I done 
something bad? Should I have been different? What now?
  I exagerate, of course, but the thoughts seem along this stream. Like the girl and 
the prof, I seem to be stuck and lost within a void, a situation with no hope, no 
future.. yet I stay and hope.
  [Actually life goes on, but somehow this girl drains a large portion of my thoughts 
because of the events between us (not to be iterated here because melancholy will 
fall again). It's hard to let go.]

  [** from old] [Day 24 Month 2 New Year 1]
  [] 2. NEW POSESSIONS

  It is in the cursed human nature to envy. And envy is such a harsh feeling which comes 
without much reason.
  Whenever something is given to us and then taken away, we will feel an emotion of 
loss and wanton, evn though we are at the same start level. A good example which I 
love to use is the following:
  A birth-blind man will feel slight remorse towards sight. If sight is then given 
and taken away from him, the man will spend the rest of his life in agody, anways 
having envy towards others. This even if he acknowledges the fact that he is at the 
same level as he was before.

  I have made new friends. I have partied, and I have cared about and touched and maybe 
even loved a newfound girl friend. Even though I acknowledge the fact that she is 
'slutty', I feel awesome pain not being able to relieve the moments with her again.
  Once again I totally fucked up the substance of what I was going to say. Mainly, I 
feel like crap, even if I am still kind-of at the same state as I was before.
  The same state but with added memories and experience which creates a painful 
contrast between the two states.
  Enough whining, this is life and you must make the most of it !


REVEALED [Wed, Feb 06 02 11:45p]

Seraphin swings the scepter once again,
The broken man still dreams.

This time he plots how to defeat the needless pain.
And in his folly believes he has solved it, as 
I will quickly present here.

You must depend solely on yourself.
For now, at least, until comes a time when you 
will need to depend on your love... a bird 
too free right now - save it for later.

Anyway. Your life for now needs to be dependent, 
driven, solely by you.

If you let others affect your feelings so quickly,
control your actions and your person - you are
not you (are you ?).

You must depend solely on yourself.
You need to fully respect yourself, as I will lecture 
in a later entry, because noone else deserves more
nourishment and attention.

No, I am not becoming egocentric, but I am
looking from the vast outside to the forgotten inside.

--
  If you can feel more from inside, less be affected
by the outside, you will develop faster, not inhibited by
paranoid conclusions from unworthy friends.

  And since I follow this train, I must remind the
reader and (more importantly) the self, that some, if not
most (as it seems currently) of the people you meet
are unworthy of respect.
  So then why care about what they think? You will
shape yourself to their liking, to their corrupt image?
  I think not. This is the answer, and call me lame for
seeing it so late. Do not care if they do not deserve it.
