[12.21.01]

  Be extremely careful who you associate with.
  If you care a lot about people, if you are emotional about your friends, be very 
careful who you chose to be your friends.

  Know them well before you attach any feeling towards them. Take note of people's 
actions, once again, what they do to others might get reflected onto you. Keep a 
close watch and understand why they do the things they do.

  Corrupt should not be your friends. They should be people, not friends - don't get 
close to them, because they will affect you. Lying, dementia, stupidity are not to 
be played with... they are to be observed, their effects left to be entertained 
some other time.

  Be careful., because you never know when they whip at you. People are people; you 
should have high standards, don't blend with anyone you do not like. Mark my words.

--
  When it does spill into you, cut them away. People slowly change. Cut them away from 
the friend status, depart emotions; do not be affected by the corruption 
anymore... still observe them and learn, but do not mingle too deep.
  If this is how they are, they do not deserve to and will not be your friends.

[cut from MENTALITY] [dec 28 01 05.00p]
  I repeat to myself the harsh reality: things do not come for you. We are given a lot of 
control over our social life. Abandoning a group and starting another one might 
seem beautiful, but people do not come and go, perfect to your plans.
  You must drag them in, push them out. An unfortunate process, but it doesn't go by 
itself, it seems.
  Maybe only when you meet someone in your identical situation.

LEAVES [sa dec 22 01]

  People come and people go...
  All at the flick of a finger into one's shyness.

  I've met a girl today, myself, randomly. Nice, but like my poision, again with a 
partner. Plus, minus, she liked me, I more or less... Parting with no nope hurts 
once again.
  But just as she came, she went.

  People come and people go. You should not worry; you are the important player here; 
once you bring yourself to the point where you understand the game well enough to 
play it nice, there are no worries.

  This is the game. Practice implies perfection as lim goes to infinity.
  No regrets, only progress.

--
  The speed at which eyes turn, the amount of light allowed in, the silence before and 
after speech; so many things we completely ignore.
  I have seen them, my mind analyzed them carefully, I have seen them for a few 
temporary moments, they should not be left untouched by their sober brain.
  One makes a dangerous man to note this.

[12.28.01]

  Small problem with this, was noted in black book entry #2 for this day [see 
MENTALITY right above]: 
You have to do some work, don't expect them to pull away from you (conversely, don't 
expect loyal ones to come by themselves). It's not easy, things don't just happen 
according to your plans, you have to make them happen - don't dream, do.. as it goes.

FRIENDS [01.01.02 4p]

  Friendship is a complex, secure structure. It is built laborously, but once in 
place, there should be little that can make it crumble.
  Your friends should understand you, why you do the things which might seem wrong or 
inappropriate. If you do not understand, then ask peacefully for reasoning, 
which they will understand.
  Those that, once you do something out of the ordinary, change their opinions 
drastically about you, who are those people ? And why would you care for them - they 
do not seem to care for you if the mentality is like this.
  Conversely, with more good things, friends should add strength to the structure. 
They should see you and reward you for these.
  Do not be misleaded, and do not constraid those that call themselves friends and to 
not follow these principles; these defy definition.