MENTALITY [dec 28 01 04.04p]

  We slip into different mental states at different times. They offer different 
moods, theories and interpretations about the world around us.
  I will try to document them, because it seems each has its advantages, bneefits.

  In parallel, there seem to be ways of bringing yourself within these states, or at 
least changing your current state.

  A problem arises because we cannot know which is a natural and which is a forced or 
artificial state.
  For example, you can gain a more extatic mood after eating chocolate - you are more 
friendly and content (excuse the generalization, at least this is for me). But is 
this how you yourself should be/are ? Or is it just a temporary effect of cafeine?

  The early hour does not permit my mind to fully contribute on these issues.. I will 
return later.

--
  [~5.00p][cut to FRIENDS]

--
  [7.38p]
  If talking to one person can change your whole mood, then why deny it?
  The shyness, the fear, stupidity even, lack of time, all inhibit your happiness. 
Drench in it all you can.

  The other road leads to simulation and stimulation of this mental state, possibly 
you could start it at any time, or merely not lose sight of it, to ensure a 
psychological well-being.

  Strange. Whatever these mental states and structures are, I tend to explore them.

[** from old] [Day 18, Month 2, Year 00] []
  My writing is so nice at night. I die at 12. I wake at 12:01 into the trance of optimism 
and live the night into the delirium that should be in day. Why is this?
  However, everything (and not "anything") is possible, and yet I have to wait so 
long to think this way. Your life is the perception of the physical surroundings of 
your body. Your brain interprets sensory info, and then feels it truly. If you are 
aware of yourself (or create the illusion) as being in control of the 
surroundings, your life will be dope. So what if the people around you think of you 
in whatever way? If you overcome this care and do as you think is right, then you will 
truly live.

[** from old] YOUR SELF [7|11|01]
  Who are YOU?
  When you drink, when under influence, are you still you? No, right ? When you don't 
remember who you are, what you did, how you got home (at 3am, but realized 'you' were 
in the hall at 6). Who's to say that you are the same man that was playing around at 
that drunken house?
  Where do we draw the line and not count your drunken mistakes against you ? After 
all, alcohol is alcohol.. it's not you. But after all, the same body of organic mass 
is moving and acting..
  I believe we should separate the drunk inside with the real self. I for one wouldn't 
like my friends to change their opinions just because I was going crazy while 
drunk.
  But you can't say you are not you.. because deep inside, even though your memory is 
off 'record' and even though you only think about +-1 minute in the past and future, 
you are still a point of the whole you.
  This matter must be investigated, but at the moment I am freezing!