[NOTE]

  Following is an account into one's discovery of love; this meaning not your regular 
love, which has become so overused I will abuse it a lot, but a topmost understanding 
that can come between people. This document is a recording of this feeling on 
one occurrence; there's nothing too specific, and mostly it's showing thinking 
process associated with it. Read as a bedtime book for entertaintment or textbook 
for learning. (Actually I can't figure out why anyone would go through reading 
this, but whatever, might prove useful to learn/relate/entertain).
  Dates may be offset, but follow passing of time.
  [] denotes Omit.


NEW [Date offset: nov 24 01]

  How can you tell if a person you just met is a turning point of your life?
  What makes you decide to drop all your friends for this new acquaintance ? What 
reasoning, what proof do you have that this acquaintance will be your best friend 
(one of few)?

  The way she talks is beauty to the ear. Noone is perfect, of course, but am I 
misjudging her ?
  What if she is always like this and I am a mere "other" besides many?

  The conclusion is that I have no proof. Conslusion is that, as perfect as it may be, 
you cannot drop your cares for someone you do not clearly know.

  I was stupid in this aspect. I always seem to jump headfirst into my obsessions, 
with no cares for the future.
  The idealist inside me always fogs my glasses with illusions of perfection. I keep 
hoping they are true, that one day I will meet someone whom I can always trust, set as 
my base.

  They are never perfect. Reality explodes with arrows of bad luck. People are 
people, and people are imperfect; and no matter who, a sense of evil is always in 
their unconscious.
  Sad but true, no perfect easy answer.

NEW2 [nov 25 01]

  Obsession of a sickness. Of the mind.

  It is dangerous because, as I see myself and others, it leaves scars (But you 
control). Abused in large amounts, it causes derranged thinking. The aspects of a 
certain issue are distorted out of place. You may be thinking about something, but 
the obsession runs a recursive background; with each thought, the issue is 
distorted even more. You may not see it, but after some point, rationality is gone. 
All that you think is a bent representation of the truth.
  So don't obsess. Let things be, stay under control, or you might sink too deep into 
this madness.

  The girl kills me, though! The acquaintance has become a pleasure. From this, an 
obsession and pleasure in a balet of madness, overriding and overflowing my life.
  I have become a child. Down to the point of desperation in that I've seen a new toy; I 
drop everything away and sink into this madness, without reply...
  Now I see.. but the adrenaline keeps pumping through my veins. All reason() tells 
me Stop, but I sill fall.

  Under control, kid! Before all your thinking is rearranged.

--
  It's a drug. Sedate me now! It's exactly like a drug. Not the obsession, but the 
girl. Fedback is a relief; but also a dependency. Careful careful, little boy.

--
  Obsessions must be fought with obsessions. Music conquers the girl. Computer 
complements the emptiness, and snowboarding stabs the silence of boredom.
  Yet again I am alone. The music soothes the despair, the computer echoes hope ideas 
into the empty room, board inhibits time. Eternity of the tripartite, but the girl 
adds color to life.

NEWED, DESTROYED [nov 26 01]

  Obsession seems to be an addiction worse than stupidity. I can't fight it.
  Day and night, every walking moment; a drug... it feeds adrenaline, extasy, 
bliss... a rush of feelings.
  But I am alone, as always, in my feelings.

  I am afraid that in my obsession, I will destroy this friendship. I care too much so I 
will destroy it.
  And not all things are ideal; I can be hurt, I can be a fool, things can be lost for no 
reason but idiocy.
  I will watch myself.

--
  Seems Cupid's rusted insanity arrows have stabbed inside my stupidity again. I am 
hooked on a drug I can never have.
  The owner calmly walks away, while in the shyness shadows I follow like a fool, my 
friends left chatting away from behind. Soon I will get lost, inside a school, 
inside a picture of her majesty, forever in bliss.
  Forever alone. Understood but ripped, alone in the uniqueness, scared and shy... 
with morals running around my head.

(YOU CAN SEE THIS IS BUGGING ME) [nov 27]

  Hope must be a powerful thing; if you lose sight of the possible future, if you lose 
all hope, sink into boredom and madness... you are dead.
  I'm not gone yet =)

HRM [dec 1 01]

  Pessimism, paranoia and analytic mind are a killer combination. Every little 
thing is analized but filtered through the p&p, consumming and depressing. 
Scary.

--
  This is a very difficult project, but I love every bit of it.

  I don't know what's going on, but the experience of excitement and adrenaline 
mixed with extasy and unknown hope, is killing me in its beauty. It should all be 
taken as an experience; it's outcome determined by time, and not-so-careful 
thinking... leave it to chance, take the risks, enjoy every moment of it.
  I don't know about more fish in the pond, but this one is to be treasured. Never have I 
experienced such things; it's awesomeness in its most pure form until now.

----
  Too much may not be too good though. Even though it has until now, I fear more will be 
dangerous. Both to the friend and relationship. I'll stop quietly.

  When something makes you happy for no rational reason. When you feel unneeded pain 
on parting. When you feel happiness for continuous hours, just talking. When you 
feel hope, extasy in your blood. Those are the signs of this celestial landscape. 
It's seduction; it's instant like; it's pleasure and pain combined in one mood 
which can rip you to pieces or make you instantly complete. It's not obsession, 
it's addiction; it's a drug which will take away part of my sanity, to be replaced by 
pain but experience, iff the supply is cut.
  It seems we best learn from hard lessons. Let this be one of them.

MORE, SUMMARIZED [dec 2 01]

  These past weeks of life, I don't want to forget. I'm storing everything because I 
fear it will end soon.
  It's been an unique magical experience. Never before did I experience such 
feelings.

  I've met a girl. A person, it seems, of my exact match. We fit, we click. So much time 
has been spent in this short but dense week.
  I've gotten to know her so well; it's completely amazing how we can just sit and chat 
for never-ending hours at a time. It's purely amazing.

  And because we are people, for a second in this overload turmoil, I thought we had 
passion. As the level of closeness increased so drastically, I thought pleasure 
and passion was sparked.
  []

  It's intense. It's a never-ending mix of pleasure with pain, sweet and sour, pure 
energy ripping from Heaven to Hell through me.. the observant fool.
  It's a sad situation. The last week of school has ended. I won't see her anymore; she 
has a boyfriend, I won't have her. She is silent and closed now.. the mistery is 
killing me ever so slowly, at a time which I should keep the stress down.

  I've never seen anything like this.
  I've never experienced anything that comes even close to this.
  When I am certain I've lost it, tears of pain will splash and stain this book.. pain 
which I'm sure I've never felt before either. Pain of regret, pain of wonder, pain 
of remorse, pain of my stupidity for not knowing what to do...

  A heavenly past week.. indescribable in beauty, waiting for Hell to take its act 
and crush my inexperienced soul.
  I end on a hanging note again, only to say that life has such a strange elegant flow; 
through the chaos of experience and pain, we sometimes find pure peace and 
pleasure.
  Marvelous mix...

UNDERSTREAM [dec 4 01]

  I've found my language... spoken by few but marvelous.
  It's symbolism.. abstraction, representing unspeakable ideas in an analog, 
infinite way; describing something, but understanding (maybe discovering) the 
subject after the list of possible meanings is cut down.
  Representing the uncomfortable, maybe inappropriate, subject through 
abstract ideas; this is my pleasure (one of few, it seems).

  I've found a few speakers, and the game continues to get more interesting.

UNDERSTREAM INTERWINED [dec 7 01]

  The rational is exploded, it's gone completely.
  I have become lost,.. I think the situation has no more control.
  We're getting close... much closer than expected, much weird; panic, study 
stress, confusion and danger (not to mention pleasure) have been mixed into an 
unhealthy sollution which predominates my mood.
  Once again I'm lost. [] it's clear we both understand.
  Whose fault? Does it matter?
  What now?
  The flow is leading towards a waterfall, it's in the distance, but the stream is 
narrow and vigurous, I'm scared because of what might be on the bottom. Either that 
or that the flow might be suddenly interrupted by one of us.
  I'm lost.
  Either too fast or too close; it seems (by default paranoia) that we're not in the 
wrong direction.

  Enjoy the silence...
     Until further notice. Do keep close watch on the background noises.
  -Some experience. =]

--
  Friendship can be accelerated to a new dimension temporarily, then snapped back 
to its less dangerous form.
  Can't it?

--
  A sigh, eternal again... By passing & parting caressing hands, they disjoin... We 
look away but pain deep inside us both instantaneously sigh.
  A million words in this pain silence.

  We look; we avert, think about the consequences... The eyes say all that must be 
said. The sighs in their melancholy of unknown union.

  Last one is when we part. Hours broken, another sigh echoed and instantaneous 
unison, makes the pain.

--
  I can't explain. It's beauty in silence.
  Beauty in eyes to be locked, ignored, rejected. Insanity is here. Love?
  I don't know if I want to win anymore.

--
  I think by now you noticed; I try to store all the moments on this paper. But in the 
process, the feelings get smudged, wrongly described... They'll be gone from me 
with time, so it's the best I can do.
  [Except somehow die and freeze them with me forever...
  But I'm not that obsessed, don't panic]

  The one first instance of a feeling was expressed yesterday. I never thought how it 
feels; I've seen it in movies, but the moment marvelled.

  The understream was flowing, we were both on the subject. In a matter of seconds, 
she took my hand into both her warm, soft ones.
  In the middle of the night, the rain stopped in midair as she brought them under her 
chin... the warm but caution breath froze me in the warmth.
  My eyes were closed... all feeling coming from the stranded hand. The words, the 
tone, I'll never forget...
  "It's ok... It'll be fine". I don't know if there was pain, fear in those words, 
worry, relaxation.
  My novice mind is surely misinterpreting this, but it was care, it was love. The 
moment froze me.

  Never in my life. So many experiences in such little crucial time.
  Those rusted arrows poisoned both, if not just me. Attached to mine is a stream of 
ideas accompanying pain and pleasure, mixed feelings, dragged, drugged, ripped 
through me.
  Whatever will I feel if I couldn't ?
  It's pleasure, but sometimes you want to explode when it's misery.
  It hurts, but you feel alive.

  Experience, no regret.

DECELLERATE [dec 15 01 04am]

  This is the point where you stop reading, agent =]

  Everything being open and official, we are left with 2 good friends to be created, 
and a whole bunch of clarity and happiness.
  Writing style is inhibited by the fear that she might read this, so it's all your 
fault.

  I wish I wrote more about the feelings... the insanity.
  How two people can communicate and understand each other like this is beyond my 
expectations of the beauty of this world...
  The feelings I've experienced during the last few weeks are beyond words... 
beyond my understanding.

  Bah! I know she will be watching this. I will end; in my happiness sleep, and hope to 
ensure another sunny day.

--
  Paranoia partially sinks into this thick mix of emotion...

  How did this happen ?
  Why ?

  My soul ripped with a hole through which this insanity pours out... I loved it. 
Completely in all aspects...

  It continues with a sigh.

--
  (rainy optimism)
  After you smudge pleasure, pain and regreat are greased upon the soul.

[Out of MENTALITY] [dec 28 01 0404p]
[]
  The shyness, the fear, stupidity even, lack of time, all inhibit your happiness. 
Drench in it all you can.
  []The girl continues to be a drug, a joy in my life. It appeasrs I am the same in hers; 
the extasy once again flows through me like a river of spirits... the bleak day is 
turned into pure happiness. Once again I am lost for words.. the situation, 
perhaps should be different, but one can do nothing more (or less) than enjoy it 
fully.

  I have an urge to write, the techno flows through me alongside the hapiness (two 
best friends, it seems), pumps enthusiasm, ideas into my head but no subject to 
relate them to..
  Conversely, this paper drains them, a process which, perhaps, is not a perfect 
one, as details and feelings get lost in between.

[also see DEPENDANCY] [02.01.02 3a]